[Docs] Release Notes 2.0.0a9 (#471)
someengineering/cloudkeeper: release-notes.md

# Release Notes 2.0.0a9 (Dec 9th, 2021)

> We are happy to announce another small increment towards our plan to a stable 2.0 version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are very happy to announce that we are now another small step closer to a stable 2.0 release!
```

> The following 4 feature increments should be highlighted:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are some highlights from this release:
```

> **The UI is now shipped as part of every release**<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**The UI is now shipped as part of every release**
```
We shouldn't need `<br/>` here?

Author: I wanted to make every highlighted feature standing out on one line.

This is the first version that ships with our gorgeous UI.
Try it out by downloading the latest version and accessing it via `https://path.to.cloudkeeper:8900/ui`.
The main graph view has changed from 2D to 3D and shows Treemap charts (#457).

> **We now have a helm chart**<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**We now have a Helm chart**
```

Thanks to a contribution from @yuval-k, we now have a helm chart (#428).

> With this chart in place, it is straightforward to deploy cloudkeeper in Kubernetes.
> Try it out yourself by following the [instructions](https://docs.some.engineering/getting_started/setup_kubernetes.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this chart, it is easier to deploy Cloudkeeper in Kubernetes.
Try it out yourself by following the [Kubernetes setup tutorial in our documentation](https://docs.some.engineering/getting_started/setup_kubernetes.html).
```

**All cleanup plugins are now available**<br/>
We needed to migrate all cleanup plugins to the 2.0 infrastructure.
With this release, all cleanup plugins have been ported (#422) and (#439).

**We integrated analytics sensors**<br/>

> You only care what you measure. We at Some Engineering believe, that it is important to know
> how Cloudkeeper is used and how we can improve it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At Some Engineering, we believe that it is important to know how Cloudkeeper is used, and thus how we can improve.
```

That is the reason why we added analytics to our codebase.
The data that we collect is anonymized with the pure focus of product insights.
If this is a red flag for you, it is possible to opt-out via the command line flag.

**Query language improvements**

> There are multiple bigger improvements here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several significant improvements in this area.
```

> It is now possible to define sub-queries (#412), that allow merging nodes with other nodes in the graph.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is now possible to define sub-queries (#412) which allow merging nodes with other nodes in the graph.
```

> Furthermore, the first step for a full-featured query template engine has been made with (#431).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the first step toward a full-featured query template engine has been implemented in #431.
```
